First thing first project go to games
and select third person as template
rename the project hide map.
Okay. After this go to file new level
set empty level.
Okay. Select landscape mode. After that
we have to import landscape height map
from a file. How to get this one? You
have to go to this website. You can
import any height map in the world.
Okay. Zoom out.
Look at this. Choose any place in the
world. You can choose any height map.
This is latitude and this is magnitude.
The zoom and the output zoom. This is
world maps.
You can import from this. And this
normally is regular or smart or off.
Make it smart.
This is the size of the item. I want to
choose this.
Okay. Outputs and output height. Okay.
For more for me, I want to choose a
default height map from this interesting
example. want to choose for example this
mountain Everest.
Zoom in.
Okay, this is my height map.
It shows any place from this Everest.
I can make it bigger by going here.
Make this.
Okay, let's choose this uh height map
2070.
And here we can generate your height
map.
Takes some time to generate generating
is complete.
Now return let's return here
do my U5
save current fiber
let's return here to landscape import
from file select your current file and
look at this height map resolution
okay hit port
and let's set speed of the camera.
Now let's set up the lighting. Go to the
window
environment mixer.
Okay, fine. This is the Everest mountain
height map. Okay, thank you guys for
watching. Support me in the Patreon and
subscribe to the channel for more
tutorials like this.
Okay, hit save.